feat: add Marked instance (#2831)
markedjs/marked: docs/USING_ADVANCED.md

## Marked instance

> By default marked stores options and extensions in the global scope. In node js when you import marked into two scripts and change the options in one script the options will be changed in the other script.
> 
> You can create an instance of marked to keep options and extensions locally scoped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Marked stores options and extensions in the global scope. That means changing the options in one script will also change the options in another script since they share the same instance.

If you don't want to mutate global scope, you can create a new instance of Marked to ensure options and extensions are locally scoped.
```

```js
import { Marked } from 'marked';

> const marked = new Marked([...useArgs]);

Reviewer: Is this supposed to be an array? The tests make it seems like its an object, not array.

Author: The constructor can take any number of options objects just like the use function. The square brackets mean it is optional. I know it is a weird way of writing that but that is how we indicate optional arguments in other parts of the docs.

Author: I updated it to be more informative

```

```js
import { marked } from 'marked';

> const myMarked = new marked.Instance([...useArgs]);

Reviewer: I'm not sure this usage is necessary. Is there a reason to use this instead of the one above?

Reviewer 2: I agree. If we provide multiple ways to do the same thing, that's just an additional point of confusion for users asking what the difference is.

Author: I changed it to show a script tag so people know this is for client side javascript

Author: Ya I agree we can remove this for now and add it later if someone has a valid use case.
